# ELT-53108-Exam-Task4
ELT-53108 Computer Networking II, Exam Task 4, Merisalo &amp; Kivistö

You may work in groups of up to 3 people, if you do so the assignment number is calculated by adding all IDs together and then taking mod 6 to get the assignment number . Group work must be clearly indicated in submission, all members of the group will receive the same grade irrespective of the contributions made by each individual. Any group work must be carried out with version control, such that author identity may be clearly tracked throughout the project history (in case of plagiarism etc). You may use github or TU git repositories for that, as long as full VCS history is made available to the teacher. Individual contribuitions do not have to be version control tracked, but doing so may be a good idea anyway. You will have to do the reviews individually (even if you act as a group for primary submission).

You will have plenty of time to complete the tasks, but doing them on the last day before deadline is ill advised.

The main submission should be formatted according to the general outline of RFC specifications ( https://www.rfc-editor.org/styleguide/ ), you can use relevant templates and tools from https://www.rfc-editor.org/pubprocess/tools/ . As such, your initial submissions will effectively be going through a process similar to that for RFCs. Unlike "normal" RFC process, I further encourage usage of graphical materials in your specifications where appropriate (you may refer to https://tools.ietf.org/id/draft-rfc-image-files-00.html for style guide on that). It is extremely helpful to use PlantUML to make systematic and nice diagrams for protocols and packet exchanges https://plantuml.com/.  It helps to visualize packet exchanges as message sequence charts, while signals and timers can be visualized as UML/SDL diagrams in a very easy manner. Keep your proposal under 10000 characters of text at all times. Do not submit any non-text files (other than graphics), usage of pdf/word or other complex format will disqualify your submission.

Final submission should be made as a zip or tar.gz archive with no password, and for group work this must include .git directory for version control tracking you have used. Your submissions should not include ANY OTHER identification at all (such as your names or student IDs) anywhere outside .git directory, such that anonymous peer review can be organized. Moodle keeps track of who sent which file, so do not worry that your works will get misplaced.

Task 4: The ARP problem (security)
The ambiguity of ARP process (both in context of two hosts having mistakenly taken same addresses, as well as malicious misuse for MITM attacks) is a major unresolved issues in modern Ethernet (and Wi-Fi) networks. There are plenty of solutions proposed to date, but none of them appear to have been adopted widely in IPv4 networks. Your task is to develop a site-specific protocol, which will be adopted at a particular company rather than globally in the Internet. This, clearly, gives you capability to modify the hosts in the network, but does not give you access to modify the firmware of any switches and routers that you may purchase and install on the site. Overall, the protocol must enable the following: a client machine (e.g. employee's laptop) needs to be able to resolve the IP-MAC mapping for any host within the corporate network in a secure manner. It should be possible for the network administrators to add and remove hosts in the network without having to update configuration on every machine (as some employees may be at home during updates, and will expect their connection to "just work" when they come to work).
